tiflash: add more explanation for multi disk deployment (#2467)
pingcap/docs: reference/tiflash/configuration.md

    engine-addr = The listening address of the TiFlash coprocessor service.
    status-addr = The port and IP through which Prometheus pulls proxy metrics information.
```

### Multi-disk deployment

> TiFlash supports multi-disk deployment, controlled by the two parameters `path` and `path_realtime_mode` in the [`tiflash.toml` file](#configure-the-tiflashtoml-file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiFlash supports multi-disk deployment, controlled by the `path` and `path_realtime_mode` parameters in the [`tiflash.toml` file](#configure-the-tiflashtoml-file).
```

If there are multiple data storage directories in `path`, separate each with a comma. For example, `/ssd_a/data/tiflash,/hdd_b/data/tiflash,/hdd_c/data/tiflash`. If there are multiple disks in your environment, it is recommended that each directory corresponds to one disk and you put disks with the best performance at the front to maximize the performance of all disks.

> The default value of the `path_realtime_mode` parameter is `false`, which means that data are balanced among all storage directories. If the parameter is set to `true`, and `path` contains multiple directories, it means that the first directory only stores the latest data, and the older data are balanced among other directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value of the `path_realtime_mode` parameter is `false`, which means that data are evenly distributed on all storage directories. If the parameter is set to `true`, and `path` contains multiple directories, it means that the first directory only stores the latest data, and the older data are evenly distributed on other directories.
```
